.TH Jumpshot 1 "1/21/1999" " " "Jumpshot"
.SH NAME
Jumpshot \-  Graphical Visualization Tool for Parallel Programs   
.SH DESCRIPTION
Jumpshot is a graphical tool for understanding the performance of parallel
programs.  It has evolved from 
.I upshot
and is written in java.  Jumpshot
interprets binary CLOG tracefiles and displays them onto a canvas object.

.SH CONFIGURING JUMPSHOT
Jumpshot can be configured in 3 ways

.PD 0
.TP
.B As part of the mpich configure
- The configure in the 
.I mpich
directory can invoke the configure in the 
.I mpe
subdirectory which can invoke the configure in the 
.I jumpshot
subdirectory.  This is the default way in which MPICH is configured
but can be overridden by configuring MPICH with the 
.I -nompe
option.
.PD 1

.PD 0
.TP
.B As part of the mpe configure
- The configure in the 
.I mpe
subdirectory can invoke the configure in the
.I jumpshot
subdirectory.  This is the default if the 
.I mpe
library was
configured with MPICH.  Otherwise, the configure option
.PD 1
.br
.I --with-jumpshot_home=JUMP_HOME
must be given to the 
.I mpe
configure.

.PD 0
.TP
.B By itself
- Jumpshot can be configured by typing 
.I ./configure <configure options>
in the 
.I jumpshot
directory.
.PD 1

.SH MANDATORY CONFIGURE OPTIONS

.PD 0
.TP
.B --with-bindir=DIR 
- Specifies the directory where 
.I jumpshot's
executable will be 
located.  Without this flag, 
.I jumpshot
can not be configured.  If
configuring with MPICH or just the  
.I mpe
library, this will be
automatically determined by default ( but can be overridden ).
.PD 1

.PD 0
.TP
.B --with-jumpshot_home=JUMP_HOME
- Specifies the path of the top-level directory where 
.I jumpshot
is
installed.  Without this directory, 
.I jumpshot
can not be configured.
When configuring with MPICH, this will be automatically determined
by default ( but can be overridden ).
.PD 1

.SH OPTIONAL CONFIGURE OPTIONS

.PD 0
.TP
.B --enable-echo
- This switch will turn on strong echoing.  The default is enable=no.
.PD 1

.PD 0
.TP
.B --with-arch_bindir=DIR 
- Specifies an optional directory where 
.I jumpshot's
executable will
be located.  For example, when configuring with MPICH, this will be
the 
.I build/ARCH/DEVICE/bin
directory.
.PD 1

.PD 0
.TP
.B --with-java=DIR
- Specifes the path of JAVA's top-level directory.  If omitted,
configure will attempt to locate java.
.PD 1

.PD 0
.TP
.B --with-java_version=VERSION
- Specifies the version of JAVA.  If omitted, configure will attempt
to locate your java's version.
.PD 1

.SH ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

To view a list of configure options, type 
.I ./configure --help
in the
top-level 
.I jumpshot
directory.

In the Installation Manual, there is a section on Jumpshot which gives
instructions and examples for each type of installation.

The INSTALL in the top-level 
.I jumpshot
directory.

In the Users Guide, there is a section describing how to use Jumpshot.

In the 
.I jumpshot/lib/data
directory, 
.I jumpshot.help
describes how to use
Jumpshot.  Clicking the 
.I help
button on the Jumpshot display will also
bring up this same information.

There is a URL for Jumpshot at
.br
.I http://www-c.mcs.anl.gov/~zaki/JS/home.html

In the 
.I jumpshot/src
directory, 
.I jumpshot.doc
is the originial documentation
written by the author of Jumpshot, 
.I Omer Zaki
.

.SH LOCATION
/home/MPI/mansrc/jumpshot
