.TH SLOG_TTAB_AddThreadInfo 3 "6/23/1999" " " "SLOG_API"
.SH NAME
SLOG_TTAB_AddThreadInfo \-  Add thread info to the SLOG Thread Table. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
int SLOG_TTAB_AddThreadInfo(       SLOG_STREAM       *slog,
                             const SLOG_nodeID_t      in_node_id,
                             const SLOG_threadID_t    in_thread_id,
                             const SLOG_OSprocessID_t in_OSprocess_id,
                             const SLOG_OSthreadID_t  in_OSthread_id,
                             const SLOG_appID_t       in_app_id )
.fi
.SH MODIFIED INPUT VARIABLES 
.PD 0
.TP
.B slog 
- pointer to the SLOG_STREAM where SLOG Thread Table is located.
.PD 1

.SH UNMODIFIED INPUT VARIABLES 
.PD 0
.TP
.B in_node_id 
- node ID.
.PD 1
.PD 0
.TP
.B in_thread_id 
- logic thread ID.
.PD 1
.PD 0
.TP
.B in_OSprocess_id 
- OS process ID.
.PD 1
.PD 0
.TP
.B in_OSthread_id 
- OS thread ID.
.PD 1
.PD 0
.TP
.B in_app_id 
- application ID.
.PD 1

.SH MODIFIED OUTPUT VARIABLES 
.PD 0
.TP
.B returned value 
- integer return status.
.PD 1

.SH INCLUDE FILE NEEDED 
slog_ttable.h


.SH NOTES ON SLOG RETURN STATUS CODE 
There are 5 allowed SLOG returned status codes.  They include
SLOG_SUCCESS, SLOG_FAIL and SLOG_EOF.  Their actual values
are defined in slog.h

SLOG_SUCCESS is returned when no error is encountered.

SLOG_FAIL is returned when error is encounted.

SLOG_EOF is returned when End of file is encounted.

There are also SLOG_TRUE and SLOG_FALSE which are sued as boolean
values, in particular they are used in boolean functions which
are usually named as IsXXXXX(), AreXXXXX() and HasXXXXX().
.br


.SH LOCATION
../src/slog_ttable.c
