.TH SLOG_Irec_ToOutputStream 3 "8/12/1999" " " "SLOG_API"
.SH NAME
SLOG_Irec_ToOutputStream \-  store the given interval record in the frame buffer and write it out to the disk when the frame buffer is full. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
int SLOG_Irec_ToOutputStream(       SLOG_STREAM      *slog,
                              const SLOG_intvlrec_t  *irec )
.fi
.SH MODIFIED INPUT VARIABLES 
.PD 0
.TP
.B slog 
- pointer to SLOG_STREAM where the interval record will be stored.
.PD 1

.SH UNMODIFIED INPUT VARIABLES 
.PD 0
.TP
.B irec 
- pointer to constant interval record with the fields set by 
the user before this routine is called.
.PD 1

.SH MODIFIED OUTPUT VARIABLES 
.PD 0
.TP
.B returned value 
- integer return status.
.PD 1

.SH USAGE NOTES ON THIS SUBROUTINE 
The routine provides all the core management of the implementation of
SLOG_STREAM.  Be sure to call SLOG_Irec_SetMinRec() at least once for
the interval record to be appended to the SLOG_STREAM.  Also this routine
can be called in either increasing starttime and endtime order depending
if SLOG_IsIncreasingStarttimeOrder() or SLOG_IsIncreasingEndtimeOrder()
is called.   But NOT both.  And there is time order checking code
if user turns on the corresponding compiler flag.

.SH INCLUDE FILE NEEDED 
slog.h


.SH NOTES ON SLOG RETURN STATUS CODE 
There are 5 allowed SLOG returned status codes.  They include
SLOG_SUCCESS, SLOG_FAIL and SLOG_EOF.  Their actual values
are defined in slog.h

SLOG_SUCCESS is returned when no error is encountered.

SLOG_FAIL is returned when error is encounted.

SLOG_EOF is returned when End of file is encounted.

There are also SLOG_TRUE and SLOG_FALSE which are sued as boolean
values, in particular they are used in boolean functions which
are usually named as IsXXXXX(), AreXXXXX() and HasXXXXX().
.br


.SH LOCATION
../src/slog_irec_write.c
