.TH SLOG_Irec_GetAssocs 3 "8/11/1999" " " "SLOG_API"
.SH NAME
SLOG_Irec_GetAssocs \-  Retrieve the association array of the interval record. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
int SLOG_Irec_GetAssocs( const SLOG_intvlrec_t  *intvlrec,
                         const SLOG_N_assocs_t   size_assocs,
                               SLOG_assoc_t     *assocs )
.fi
.SH UNMODIFIED INPUT VARIABLES 
.PD 0
.TP
.B intvlrec 
- pointer to the internal Interval record to be retrieved.
.PD 1
.PD 0
.TP
.B size_assocs 
- Number of elements available for the input association array.
.PD 1

.SH MODIFIED INTPUT VARIABLES 
.PD 0
.TP
.B assocs 
- association array, array of file pointers to the associated
interval records of the specified interval record.
It is assumed the input array, assocs[], is big enough
to hold the association array of the interval record.
.PD 1

.SH MODIFIED OUTPUT VARIABLES 
.PD 0
.TP
.B returned value 
- N_assocs : Number of elements in the association array
returned.  If the input size, size_assocs, is smaller
than the actual number of elements of the association
array, the return value will be SLOG_EOF and only the
first size_assocs elements will be returned.
.PD 1

.SH USAGE NOTES ON THIS SUBROUTINE 
The subroutine gets the association array of the specified Internal
Interval Record.  This subroutine is meant to be called once for
each interval record.  Calling multiple times for the same interval
record returns the same results.  If the return value, N_assocs,
is equal to zero.  It means there is no associated record.

.SH INCLUDE FILE NEEDED 
slog.h

.SH LOCATION
../src/slog_irec_read.c
