.TH SLOG_Irec_GetMinRec 3 "8/11/1999" " " "SLOG_API"
.SH NAME
SLOG_Irec_GetMinRec \-  Retrieve the fields for a bare minimal Interval Record 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
int SLOG_Irec_GetMinRec( const SLOG_intvlrec_t   *intvlrec,
                               SLOG_rectype_t    *rectype,
                               SLOG_intvltype_t  *intvltype,
                               SLOG_bebit_t      *bebit_0,
                               SLOG_bebit_t      *bebit_1,
                               SLOG_starttime_t  *starttime,
                               SLOG_duration_t   *duration,
                               SLOG_nodeID_t     *orig_node_id,
                               SLOG_cpuID_t      *orig_cpu_id,
                               SLOG_threadID_t   *orig_thread_id,
                               SLOG_where_t      *where,
                         ... )
.fi
.SH UNMODIFIED INPUT VARIABLES 
.PD 0
.TP
.B intvlrec 
- pointer to the internal Interval record to be retrieved.
.PD 1

.SH MODIFIED OUTPUT VARIABLES 
.PD 0
.TP
.B rectype 
- pointer to the interval record's record field which determines 
if the record is a FIXED record or VARIABLE record, this in turns
will determine the number of association and the number of
sets of MPI call arguments.
.PD 1
.PD 0
.TP
.B intvltype 
- pointer to interval record's interval type field.
.PD 1
.PD 0
.TP
.B bebit_0 
- pointer to interval record's first bebit.
.PD 1
.PD 0
.TP
.B bebit_1 
- pointer to interval record's second bebit.
.PD 1
.PD 0
.TP
.B starttime 
- pointer to interval record's start time.
.PD 1
.PD 0
.TP
.B duration 
- pointer to interval record's life time.
.PD 1
.PD 0
.TP
.B orig_node_id 
- pointer to interval record's origin node ID.
.PD 1
.PD 0
.TP
.B orig_cpu_id 
- pointer to interval record's origin cpu ID.
.PD 1
.PD 0
.TP
.B orig_thread_id 
- pointer to interval record's origin thread ID.
.PD 1
.PD 0
.TP
.B orig_where 
- pointer to interval record's where integer pointer.
.PD 1
.PD 0
.TP
.B ...   
- pointers to destination task labels for Message Record ( optional ) :
dest_node_id - pointer to interval record's destination node ID.
dest_cpu_id - pointer to interval record's destination cpu ID.
dest_thread_id - pointer to interval record's destination thread ID.
.PD 1


.SH MODIFIED OUTPUT VARIABLES 
.PD 0
.TP
.B returned value 
- integer return status.
.PD 1

.SH USAGE NOTES ON THIS SUBROUTINE 
Since the subroutine copies all the fixed fields of the specified
record to the input variables, the record must be non-empty.
The subroutine can only be called __After__ retrieving the interval
record from the SLOG file.

.SH INCLUDE FILE NEEDED 
slog.h


.SH NOTES ON SLOG RETURN STATUS CODE 
There are 5 allowed SLOG returned status codes.  They include
SLOG_SUCCESS, SLOG_FAIL and SLOG_EOF.  Their actual values
are defined in slog.h

SLOG_SUCCESS is returned when no error is encountered.

SLOG_FAIL is returned when error is encounted.

SLOG_EOF is returned when End of file is encounted.

There are also SLOG_TRUE and SLOG_FALSE which are sued as boolean
values, in particular they are used in boolean functions which
are usually named as IsXXXXX(), AreXXXXX() and HasXXXXX().
.br


.SH LOCATION
../src/slog_irec_read.c
