.TH SLOG_Irec_GetArgs 3 "8/11/1999" " " "SLOG_API"
.SH NAME
SLOG_Irec_GetArgs \-  Retrieve the argument array of the interval record. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
int SLOG_Irec_GetArgs(       SLOG_intvlrec_t  *intvlrec,
                       const SLOG_N_args_t     size_args,
                             SLOG_arg_t       *args )
.fi
.SH UNMODIFIED INPUT VARIABLES 
.PD 0
.TP
.B size_args 
- Number of elements available for the input array.
.PD 1

.SH MODIFIED INTPUT VARIABLES 
.PD 0
.TP
.B intvlrec 
- pointer to the internal interval record to be retrieved.
The internal pointer to Vector Argument will be updated.
.PD 1
.PD 0
.TP
.B args 
- argument array, array of call arguments of the specified 
interval record.  It is assumed the input array, args[], is 
big enough to hold the argument array of the interval record.
.PD 1


.SH MODIFIED OUTPUT VARIABLES 
.PD 0
.TP
.B returned value 
- N_args : Number of elements in the argument array
returned.  If the input size, size_args, is smaller
than the actual number of elements of the argument
array, the return value will be SLOG_EOF and only the
first size_args elements will be returned.  When there
is no more argument array in the interval record,
a zero will be returned.
.PD 1

.SH USAGE NOTES ON THIS SUBROUTINE 
The subroutine retrieves argument array(s) of the specified Internal
Interval Record.  This subroutine is meant to be called at least once
for each interval record extracted from the slogfile.
If the return value, N_args, is equal to zero.  It means there is
no argument array.   That suggests that the subroutine needs to be
called as long as it returns positive integer ( > 0 ).

.SH INCLUDE FILE NEEDED 
slog.h



.SH LOCATION
../src/slog_irec_read.c
