.TH SLOG_PROF_AddExtraIntvlInfo 3 "8/7/1999" " " "SLOG_API"
.SH NAME
SLOG_PROF_AddExtraIntvlInfo \-  Add one display description of an interval to the reserved space of the SLOG Display Profile table. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
int SLOG_PROF_AddExtraIntvlInfo(       SLOG_STREAM      *slog,
                                 const SLOG_intvltype_t  intvltype,
                                 const char *            classtype,
                                 const char *            label,
                                 const char *            color )
.fi
.SH MODIFIED INPUT VARIABLES 
.PD 0
.TP
.B slog 
- pointer to the SLOG_STREAM where SLOG Display Profile Table is
located.
.PD 1

.SH UNMODIFIED INPUT VARIABLES 
.PD 0
.TP
.B intvltype 
- index to the interval type.
.PD 1
.PD 0
.TP
.B classtype 
- character string for the classtype of the interval
.PD 1
.PD 0
.TP
.B label     
- character string for the label of the interval
.PD 1
.PD 0
.TP
.B color     
- character string for the color of the interval
.PD 1

.SH MODIFIED OUTPUT VARIABLES 
.PD 0
.TP
.B returned value 
- integer return status.
.PD 1

.SH USAGE NOTES ON THIS SUBROUTINE 
all the input characters strings, classtype, label and color are
allowed to contain alphanumeric, underscore, blank and tab characters.
But tab characters, if exist, in the string are all converted to
blanks for ease of management.


Notes on the Addition of Extra Interval Description.
This note is to clarify the usage of SLOG_PROF_XXX() routines
especially while the user wants to add extra interval description
to the logfile when the process of addition of interval records
to the logfile has been started, for instance if one needs to
add user marker interval records.

Also, the term interval descriptor refers to an entry in
the Display Profile, so is the term interval information,
abbrev. as _IntvlInfo_.  These 3 terms are used interchangably.

Under normal circumstances, the Display Profile table is created
by first opening the section of the logfile for storing the table
using SLOG_PROF_Open().  Then add the interval description using
SLOG_PROF_AddIntvlInfo() and close the table section by
SLOG_PROF_Close().

In the case that the logfile involves interval records whose
interval type are NOT known until the process of inserting
of the interval records to the logfile has been started, one
should open the SLOG_PROF_Open().  Then add the known record
definitions using SLOG_PROF_AddIntvlInfo().  However, one should
NOT call SLOG_PROF_Close() to close the table section.  Instead,
SLOG_PROF_SetExtraNumOfIntvlInfos() should be called to set
the extra number of interval description entries needed( the
number can be greater than what one actually needs ).  Then
when user encounters a new interval record type,
SLOG_PROF_AddExtraIntvlInfo() can then be called to add the new
interval record type to the Display Profile table.  This
mechanism is very similar to that of Record Definition Table.
Except for Record Definition Table, the above procedure has to
be done before adding the interval record to the logfile using
SLOG_Irec_ToOutputStream() which does NOT allow interval
record of with unknown interval type to the Record Definition
table.  For Display Profile, the same procedure is implmented
to simplify the interface for user to store interval description
information to the logfile, the interval description information
is NOT important till logfile needs to be displayed graphically.

.br



.SH INCLUDE FILE NEEDED 
slog_profile.h


.SH NOTES ON SLOG RETURN STATUS CODE 
There are 5 allowed SLOG returned status codes.  They include
SLOG_SUCCESS, SLOG_FAIL and SLOG_EOF.  Their actual values
are defined in slog.h

SLOG_SUCCESS is returned when no error is encountered.

SLOG_FAIL is returned when error is encounted.

SLOG_EOF is returned when End of file is encounted.

There are also SLOG_TRUE and SLOG_FALSE which are sued as boolean
values, in particular they are used in boolean functions which
are usually named as IsXXXXX(), AreXXXXX() and HasXXXXX().
.br


.SH LOCATION
../src/slog_profile.c
